feat(doc): introduce global tolerations and nodeselectors for user deployed components (#887)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.7.0/advanced-resources/deploy/taint-toleration.md

For more information about how taints and tolerations work, refer to the [official Kubernetes documentation.](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/taint-and-toleration/)

# Setting up Taints and Tolerations

> Longhorn system contains user-deployed components (e.g, Manager, Driver Deployer, UI) and system-managed components (e.g, Instance Manager, Engine Image, CSI Driver, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Longhorn consists of user-deployed components (for example, Longhorn Manager, Longhorn Driver, and Longhorn UI) and system-managed components (for example, Instance Manager, Backing Image Manager, Share Manager, CSI Driver, and Engine Image). 
```

You need to set tolerations for both types of components. See more details below.

### Setting up Taints and Tolerations During installing Longhorn

> 1. Set taint tolerations for user-deployed components (Manager, UI, Driver Deployer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set taint tolerations for user-deployed components (for example, Longhorn Manager, Longhorn Driver, and Longhorn UI).
```

### Setting up Taints and Tolerations During installing Longhorn
1. Set taint tolerations for user deployed components (Manager, UI, Driver Deployer)

>    * If you install Longhorn by Rancher 2.5.x, you need to click `Edit as YAML` in Rancher UI and copy this values into the YAML to apply the values to all the components at once:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If you install Longhorn through Rancher 2.5.x, you must copy and paste the following parameters into the YAML on the Rancher UI (**SCREEN_TITLE** > **Edit as YAML**) to apply the value to all user-deployed components.
```

     ```yaml
       global:
         tolerations:
         - key: "key"
           operator: "Equal"
           value: "value"
           effect: "NoSchedule"
    ```

>    * You can also specify the tolerations for each user deployed components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * You can also specify the tolerations for each user-deployed component.
```

     ```
   * If you install Longhorn by using `kubectl` to apply [the deployment YAML](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/longhorn/longhorn/v1.1.1/deploy/longhorn.yaml), you need to modify the taint tolerations section for Longhorn Manager, Longhorn UI, and Longhorn Driver Deployer.
    Then apply the YAMl files.

>    * If you install Longhorn using Helm, you can change the Helm values for `global.tolerations`, `longhornManager.tolerations`, `longhornUI.tolerations`, `longhornDriver.tolerations` in the `values.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If you install Longhorn using Helm, you can change the Helm values for `global.tolerations`, `longhornManager.tolerations`, `longhornUI.tolerations`, `longhornDriver.tolerations` in the `values.yaml` file before installing the chart.
```

>     Then install the chart

Reviewer: Please remove this line. The words are already part of the previous sentence.

   To ensure that your preferred settings are immediately applied, stop all workloads and detach all Longhorn volumes before configuring the settings.

> 2. Set taint tolerations for user-deployed components (Manager, UI, Driver Deployer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set taint tolerations for user-deployed components (for example, Longhorn Manager, Longhorn Driver, and Longhorn UI).
```

>    * If you install Longhorn through Rancher 2.5.x, you must copy and paste the following parameters into the YAML on the Rancher UI (click **Edit as YAML** during the process of upgrad) to apply the value to all user-deployed components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If you install Longhorn through Rancher 2.5.x, you must copy and paste the following parameters into the YAML on the Rancher UI (click **Edit as YAML** during the upgrade) to apply the value to all user-deployed components.
```

     ```yaml
       global:
         tolerations:
         - key: "key"
           operator: "Equal"
           value: "value"
           effect: "NoSchedule"
    ```

>    * You can also specify the tolerations for each user-deployed components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * You can also specify tolerations for each user-deployed component.
```

Reviewer: I flagged this in my initial review.

   To ensure that your preferred settings are immediately applied, stop all workloads and detach all Longhorn volumes before configuring the settings.

2. Set taint tolerations for user deployed components (Manager, UI, Driver Deployer)

>    * If you install Longhorn by Rancher 2.5.x, you need to click `Edit as YAML` in Rancher UI and copy this values into the YAML to apply the values to all the components at once:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If you install Longhorn through Rancher 2.5.x, you must copy and paste the following parameters into the YAML on the Rancher UI (**SCREEN_TITLE** > **Edit as YAML**) to apply the value to all system-managed components.
```

     ```yaml
       global:
         tolerations:
         - key: "key"
           operator: "Equal"
           value: "value"
           effect: "NoSchedule"
    ```

>    * You can also specify the tolerations for each user deployed components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * You can also specify the tolerations for each system-managed component.
```

Author: its not "system-managed", it is still "user-deployed" here

The structure of the article is

- Install
    - user-deployed
    - system-managed
- upgrade
    - user-deployed
    - system-managed 

All I changed is only "user-deployed" in "install" and "upgrade" part

     ```
   * If you install Longhorn by using `kubectl` to apply [the deployment YAML](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/longhorn/longhorn/v1.1.1/deploy/longhorn.yaml), you need to modify the taint tolerations section for Longhorn Manager, Longhorn UI, and Longhorn Driver Deployer.
  Then reapply the YAMl files.
   * If you install Longhorn using Helm, you can change the Helm values for `global.tolerations`, `longhornManager.tolerations`, `longhornUI.tolerations`, `longhornDriver.tolerations` in the `values.yaml` file, and then run `helm upgrade` to upgrade to the new version of the chart.

> 3. Set taint tolerations for system-managed components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set taint tolerations for system-managed components (for example, Instance Manager, Backing Image Manager, Share Manager, CSI Driver, and Engine Image).
```

     ```
   * If you install Longhorn by using `kubectl` to apply [the deployment YAML](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/longhorn/longhorn/v1.1.1/deploy/longhorn.yaml), you need to modify the taint tolerations section for Longhorn Manager, Longhorn UI, and Longhorn Driver Deployer.
  Then reapply the YAMl files.

>    * If you install Longhorn using Helm, you can change the Helm values for `global.tolerations`, `longhornManager.tolerations`, `longhornUI.tolerations`, `longhornDriver.tolerations` in the `values.yaml` file.
>   Then do Helm upgrade the chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If you install Longhorn using Helm, you can change the Helm values for `global.tolerations`, `longhornManager.tolerations`, `longhornUI.tolerations`, `longhornDriver.tolerations` in the `values.yaml` file, and then run `helm upgrade` to upgrade to the new version of the chart.
```
